Add cryptographic functions to SDK (#4)
opengovsg/formsg-webhook-sdk: README.md

const formsg = require('@opengovsg/formsg')()

// This is where your domain is hosted, and should match

> // the URI supplied to FormSGin the form dashboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// the URI supplied to FormSG in the form dashboard
```
